Re-add busted without extra attributes (#29)
neovim/deps: README.md

    - Used by the [unstable PPA](https://launchpad.net/~neovim-ppa/+archive/ubuntu/unstable). PPA builds aren't allowed network access, so a pre-build step fetches this repo to use as input to the build to ensure we have the latest dependencies.
- `opt/`
    - cache for manually-managed dependencies (not auto-updated because the origin is unreliable)

## For Mac users

> Mac tar adds extended attributes by default which will break on windows and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mac tar converts extended attributes (such as `com.apple.quarantine` for files downloaded with Safari) to hidden files, which will break the installation step on Windows and Linux.
```
